CTW-336 user sort conditions redo (#288)
zeus-health/ctw-component-library: .changeset/small-gifts-refuse.md

---
"@zus-health/ctw-component-library": patch
---

> Redo condition sorting to allow all columns to be sortable, and sort primarily by last recorded date and condition name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Condition sorting now allows all columns to be sortable. Sort primarily defaults to be by last recorded date and condition name.
```
